- 16:25
	- TODO **description**
	  type:: #capture/video
	  author:: [[Andrei Khrennikov]] 
	  source:: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1LKFU_AstCc 
	  timestamps:: 00:46:30 -
		- i now wonder if the term harmonic function was derived from its use in the Laplace equation... hm
			- what i mean is that why the specificity about it having to be twice differentiable
		- pole singularities are classified as those with a infinite limit when reaching some $z_0$ where one can find an integer $N\gt 0$ such that $(z-z_0)^NF(z)\ne 0$ is analytical everywhere in some region containing $z_0$.
			- first order pole is one where $N=1$, etc.
				- you get the deal, rite?
				- it's residue of said pole is the return value $R(z_0)$.
		- i already know that we can use taylor to approximate functions, but a good thing to remember is that one shall apply it when finding poles.
			- what i mean by that is if you have $F(z)=\frac{\sin z}{z^3}\approx\frac{1}{z^2}$ and thus have a pole of the second order.
		- aha! evaluating an integral of a complex function over a closed contour is difficult *(sigh sigh sigh)* thus we can employ Cauchy's Residue Theorem to help us!! (if we have one or more poles inside said contour)
- 12:10
	- TODO **description**
	  type:: #capture/video
	  author:: [[Andrei Khrennikov]] 
	  source:: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1LKFU_AstCc 
	  timestamps:: 00:00:00 - 00:46:30
		- whoops, seems like i slept through the previous lecture and missed what an harmonic function is!
			- it's a twice continuously differentiable function that satisfies Laplace's equation
		- the integral over a closed contour of an analytical (inside contour) function is always zero per green's theorem, wow!
			- i.e. $\oint_C F(z)dz=0$
		- if you have a function of $z$, you can differentiate just as if it was real, a la $x$ single variable function.
			- same thing goes for integrating
		- if a function it not defined at some point on the complex plane, it has a singularity at said point
			- suppose we have $\lim_{z\to z_0}\frac{d^k F}{dz^k}=\infty$ (i.e. some derivative of $F$ goes to zero)
		- there are removable/nonessential singularities, however.
			- i.e., if there exists a positive real number $p$ such that
			  $$\lim_{z\to z_0}(z-z_0)^p\frac{d^kF}{dz^k}\ne \infty$$
				- if such $p$ doesn't exists, then it's nonremovable/essential
-