- 11:00
	- TODO **Complex Numbers and Functions, Differentiability, and Cauchy-Riemann Condition**
	  type:: #capture/video
	  author:: [[Andrei Khrennikov]] 
	  source:: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6_-vXsptqEU
	  timestamps:: 00:41:28 -
		- when it comes to the limit of a complex number, if one states that $z\to 0$, that simply means that the modulus goes to zero.
		- ah, so that's how the derivative of complex numbers look like, just like the derivative of a function with two variables!
			- i.e. $\frac{dF}{dz}\equiv\lim_{\Delta z\to 0}\frac{F(z+\Delta z)-F(z)}{\Delta z}=\lim_{\Delta x,\Delta y\to 0}\frac{F(x+\Delta x, y+\Delta y)-F(x, y)}{\Delta x+i\Delta y}$
		- as we already know, the limit may depend on the order of the variables
			- if we set $\Delta y=0$ then $\lim_{\Delta x\to 0}\frac{F(x+\Delta x,y)-F(x,y)}{\Delta x}=\frac{\partial F}{\partial x}$
			- if we set $\Delta x=0$ then $\lim_{\Delta y\to 0}\frac{F(x,y+i\Delta y)-F(x,y)}{i\Delta y}=-i\frac{\partial F}{\partial y}$
			- but if the limit exists then these two should be the same, $\frac{\partial F}{\partial x}=-i\frac{\partial F}{\partial y}$
				- this is Cauchy-Riemann!
					- Wow, that's interesting!
		- ah, now i see the application! so if we say that $F(z)\equiv U(x,y)+iV(x,y)$ where $U$ is the real part and $V$ the imaginary, we get $\frac{\partial U}{\partial x}=\frac{V}{\partial y}$ and $\frac{\partial U}{\partial y}=-\frac{\partial V}{\partial x}$
		- seems like CR, expressed in polar coordinates, is used primarily in electrical engineering.
			- express $F(r,\theta)$ as.
		- ONE MILLION DOLLAROS FOR THE ZETA FUNCTION HYPOTHESIS PROOF!??!?!
		- ah, for a complex function $F(z)$ to be *infinitely differentiable* at $z$, thus *analytic* at said $z$, all derivatives must satisfy the CR conditions at $z$: just as if it were a real number.
		- for something to be classified as *entire*, it must be analytical on whole plane.
		- hmm, so i've used Laplace transforms previously, but haven't seen how the derivation of the Laplace equation was done.
			- very clean usage of CR
				- i.e. order of mixed partial derivatives doesn't matter 
				  $\frac{\partial^2 U}{\partial x^2}+\frac{\partial^2U}{\partial y^2}=\frac{\partial^2V}{\partial x\partial y}-\frac{\partial^2V}{\partial y\partial x}=0$
		- oh, the *"Laplacian"*: cool symbol, i dig it $\nabla^2\equiv\frac{\partial^2}{\partial x^2}+\frac{\partial ^2}{\partial y^2}$.
		- ah! with the Laplacian we can then compact the expression of CR as:
		  $\nabla^2U=0$ and $\nabla^2V=0$
		-
-