- 08:31
	- TODO **Complex Numbers and Functions, Differentiability, and Cauchy-Riemann Condition**
	  type:: #capture/video
	  author:: [[Andrei Khrennikov]] 
	  source:: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6_-vXsptqEU
	  timestamps:: 00:00:00 - 00:41:28
		- it's described that imaginary numbers has some application in electrical engineering, particularly in-regards to wireless communication: have yet to encounter that, but i can image it'd have something to do with signal processing.
		- i do find it pleasant that one can represent a complex number as a vector on the Cartesian plane.
			- through that, the definition of argument and modulus comes naturally.
				- by naturally i mean through simple trigonometry.
		- square root of complex numbers, hmm
		- abstract algebra terms are brought up, like fields and groups: i've heard of it before, and used them in other contexts, but i hope to take an algebra course one day (next semester, perhaps)
		- while i have memorized the derivation of the conjugate, it's nice to see the graphical representation, i.e. just negate the imaginary part and observe as y-axis.
		- for the conjugate, I've only seen them be represented with a bar, not with a star.
			- professor Khrennikov does mention its use in algebra.
		- "just open the brackets" is what Khrennikov uses to describe the algebraic multiplication operation, which is easy to remember: i like it.
		- i'm not sure if it's a requirement that the denominator should be real in-order to perform division.
		- although evident, it's nice that Khrennikov shows how one can derive the trigonometric form of complex numbers via the Pythagorean theorem.
			- what I mean by this is through the substitution of $x=r\cos\theta$ and $y=r\sin\theta$ into the Cartesian form.
		- good to remember that when using the trigonometric form, we're one the unit circle.
		- one can, with an ordinary diff. eq., motivate the polar form of complex numbers.
			- meh, just memorize the Euler formula.
				- we can use Taylor series... muahahha.
				- the interesting part is that if we multiplying two complex numbers, we can in this form motivate that their arguments are added.
		- Euler was paid in gold for his theorems and proofs? erm.
		- complex analysis seems to be used to perform proofs in real analysis.
		- although I have previously simply remembered the trigonometric functions expressed through Euler terms, the way he derives the expression is super pleasant.
			- more free storage in my brain!
		- oh wow, the hyperbolic trigonometric functions become so easy to represent! like, literally $\cos(iw)\equiv \cosh w$ and $\sin(iw)\equiv i\sinh w$ via Euler formula.
		- i haven't seen a formula like that for finding roots of unity of degree $n$.
			- ex. for roots of $1$: $$(1)^\frac{1}{N}=e^\frac{\pm 2\pi ik}{N}=\cos\left(\frac{2\pi k}{N}\right)\pm i\sin\left(\frac{2\pi k}{N}\right)$$
			- ex. for roots of $-1$: $$(-1)^\frac{1}{N}=e^\frac{i\pi(2k+1)}{N}=\cos\left(\frac{\pi(2k+1)}{N}\right)+ i\sin\left(\frac{\pi(2k+1)}{N}\right)$$
		- hmm, due to the cyclic property of roots we find that if $k=N$ then the associated root will be the same as $k=0$.
			- that's interesting!
				- i should really study algebra.
		- all roots of $1$ is on the unit circle.
		- oh, dang! the roots are symmetric with the real axis! like, each root has a conjugate pair! (there'd be duplicates if odd, of course).
			- I've never seen that graphical representation before.
				- interesting!